Go to Scratch for Budding Computer Scientists (link on bit.ly/SAHSCS) and answer the 
 following questions. 
 
 
 You will need to create a file that is named your username and paste your answers in it. 
 After you have completed the questions, submit a pull request in this same repository. 
 
 
 1) Why is there such a "learning curve" when learning a traditional programming 
 language such as Java? 
 Learning a new code is basically like learning a new language, you have to learn it before you can understand it.
 
 
 
 2) What is learning to program ultimately about? 
 Learning code is all about approaching problems methodically and logically.
 
 
 
 3) How does Scratch "lower the bar" to programming? 
 Scratch helps lower the bar by making coders focus on coding rather than syntax
 
 
 
 4) What is a statement in a programming language? 
 A statement is a directive that tells a computer to do something
 
 
 
 5) What is a Boolean expression? 
 A Boolean expressin is an expression that is either true or false
 
 
 
 6) What is a conditional statement? 
 It is something that must be true for a process to continue
 
 
 
 7) What is a loop used for in a programming language? 
 Loop can induce multiple executions of a statement or statements
 
 
 
 8) What is the difference between a local variable and a global variable? 
 Local variables are used by one sprite in scratch while global variables are used by all sprites

 
 
 9) What is a Boolean variable? 
 A variable that takes on a value based on if a value is true or false 
 
 
 
 10) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered threads? 
 The event blocks are considered threads because they execute multiple codes
 
 
 
 11) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered event handlers? 
 Event handling blocks are blocks that recieve and react.
 
 
 
 12) How many sprites are implemented in Oscartime? 
 Oscar time is implemented with nine sprites
 
 
 
 13) How many threads are used to display the Oscartime game instructions? 
 One Thread for the game instuctions
 
 
 
 14) How many threads are used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite? 
 1-3 threads are used for each sprite
 
 
 
 15) What programming constructs does Scratch NOT support? 
It does not support methods, parameters, return values, inheritance, and polymorphism
